Update and refactor Operations Guide (#3107) (#3114)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/modules/platform/ref-system-proxy-config.adoc

[id="ref-system-proxy-config"]

= System proxy configuration
The outbound proxy is configured on the system level for all the nodes in the control plane. 

The following environment variables must be set:
----
http_proxy=“http://external-proxy_0:3128”
https_proxy=“http://external-proxy_0:3128”
no_proxy=“localhost,127.0.0.0/8,10.0.0.0/8”
----

> You can also add those variables to the '/etc/environment' file to make them permanent. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also add those variables to the `/etc/environment` file to make them permanent. 
```
